Support SQL Server (#120)
k0kubun/sqldef: README.md

- SQLite3
  - Table: CREATE TABLE, DROP TABLE
  - View: CREATE VIEW, DROP VIEW

> - SQLServer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SQL Server
```

is correct. ref. https://www.microsoft.com/ja-jp/sql-server/sql-server-downloads

## Development

> You can use the following command to prepare MySQL, PostgreSQL and SQLServer to be used for running tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following command to prepare MySQL, PostgreSQL and SQL Server to be used for running tests.
```

ditto
